# Ratiobot

## A very simple, yet effective bot

Ratiobot is a quick, low effort meme that now consumes my free time for no reason.

He is not funny, he is not smart. He is not capable of passing the turing test, and he  
certainly won't make you breakfast. I know, I tried. What he is, however, is a quick  
jump into the tweepy library, interacting with an indicated userbase and making them  
wish they could delete twitter faster.  

I have attempted to make this code as easy to read as possible, with plenty of  
clear and concise comments to explain every block of code I felt needed clarification.  
This will allow me to reference this mini-project in the future with ease.   

---

## Use to send a message to friends who deserve consistent ratios.

The  readability allows easy and quick adjustment to the code.

Want to add a new ratio condition? Add elif statements where indicated by the comment,   
then add a list with personalized ratios. The experience is easily adjusted to suit the current needs.

## Use responsibly.

Getting auto-ratiod for the rest of eternity can be mentally taxing.   
The power of the ratio is in our hands, we must treat this power with respect.

---

# Ratiobot 1.2 is officially here

A much simpler milestone update, but regardless, this is a feature 
intended to be implemented for awhile now. 

Changelog:
 * Weather check and tweets are implemented
   * Weather tweet scheduled to be released at 08:00 daily
 * New triggers added
 * Fixed a broken trigger that wasn't working as intended

Changes on the way:
  * Cleaning of tweets before being analyzed
    * this includes removal of links, @s and hastags
  * More detailed weather reports
    * currently only includes temp and *real feel* temp
  * Teach it to stop my cat from tearing down my posters

## Next Milestone Update:

The current wall I'm running into is the sheer line of dialogue being created for this bot.   
Currently, I have about 200 lines of dialogue written, with each line containing multiple tweets  
(sometimes as many as 5 tweets per line).

This being the great filter of this project is just silly. Thus, I have begin collecting data  
to train a model using OpenAI's GPT-2 model. As someone with no knowledge of this topic, this  
may take a couple weeks to collect the necessary amount of quality data, train, and have in  
functioning order. 

The model will be trained on:
  * Tweets from my friends
    * Currently have around 20,000 tweets stored
  * Various lines generated by 50ShadesGenerator
  * Hundreds of custom, hand written ratios
    * This will take a bulk of my effort

I have written the word 'ratio' so many times I'm beginning to fear for my sanity.  
Relying on this update being completed ASAP  

---

### About the source code

As it currently stands, the source code isn't *completely* open for public viewing

This is due to the bot having plenty of surprises I'd much rather leave private for the time being.  
Once the bot has run it's course and I get tired of it (I give it around 3 days max probably),  
the entire source code will be released.  

I've left the bare framework of the bot available for viewing either for those curious,  
or those who want to make their own simple twitter bot.  
(message me if you want help doing so, I love helping!)  

So for those of you coming here to spoil the secrets contained within the bot,  
sorry, there are none to be found here. 
